They give you the crack pipe for free but they get you with the monthly subscription fees.
I think if you collect one of each cigarette packages you should win a free Nicorette gum.
I wonder if the guy who's teeth are on the cigarette packages is dead yet. Dude's a celebrity. I should have seen it on the news.
My brother went to deaf camp because he likes rope climbing and people yelling shit at him.
Attack! Of the Dodecahedron! Wow what a wonderful night. Oh my god is that a dodecahedron run! Hey Bobby look is that a circle? No You fool!
Richie Rich with McCullough Culkin was made to advertise that fucking cool ass rocket. It's a camp conspiracy.
I'm just McMullough Culkin this canoe back together.
The secret to being extreme on the Youtube is to say what you are going to do and then promptly do it.
Mexi-fries are tater tots. Hate to break it to you.  You're not fooling anyone Taco Bell.
I'm anti-crack, but pro freebasing. Like maybe freebasing is the optimum way to inhale fundip?
I'm sick of nickels. I'm going to start using Fuzzy Peaches as currency... It's the same value. 
Sometimes how you eat is more important than what you eat. If you eat a burrito the way you eat corn you will have a messy burrito.
A diet coke weighs the same as a regular coke, so maybe it's not working.
Malteser's sounds like ballteasers.
King's deserve 4 Reese cups! Peasants deserve merely 3!
I'm so strong I can crush a Skittle using only my teeth.
Fun Dip is just powdered juice mix on the end of a spitty piece of chalk.
Milk crates second purpose is straining really thick noodles.
Once you reach a certain level of fatness eating anywhere but a buffet seems foolish.
McDonald's needs private feeding rooms where people can anonymously order food. McDonald's is losing a lot of money because of shame.
Lay's secret to making delicious chips is to take something that would taste horrible on a chip. But then powderize it and do it anyway.
My friend wanted me to get him a Red Bull.  I was frustrated but the can said serve chilled so I had to cool myself off.
The hardest 3D puzzle ever is reassembling a potato from a bag of potato chips.
The Mongolians waged war the same way I play risk. 
Boston Cream Pies sounds like a shitty sports team.
Do football players get payed overtime hours when they go into overtime?
Guys pee standing up all the time. When women do it, it's always a special occasion: Like camping without pants on.
Every door is an emergency door if its an emergency.
Fire alarm said, "pull in case of fire". So I pulled it. Just in case. Shit, who knows there might be a fire later. Better to just be safe.
If you decree something instead of just saying it, people are more likely to believe you.
A journal is where you tell yourself things you already know so you'll remember to be mad at people after you stop being mad at them.
Ever have one of those days where you wake up and the child proof lid on your vitamins beats you.
Keeping it real is what separates us from the animals. Animals always hide the true shit.
Sometimes I stay up late to yawn. If you try and yawn when your not tired it just ain't the same.
Someone out there is the nicest person on Earth, but he/she is to modest to know it.
If I give you a compliment, don't take it as an insult. Because If I hand you a knife and you take it as a spoon you're going to get cut.
I like to make my own words. Here is one of them: Qwertyuious. One who is respectful of others via the internet is qwertuious.
My brother has hearing aids, because he listened to things without wearing a condom.
Ever since that horse joined the town council I can't get any bills passed!
Michelle's book has an interesting title I think: "Beginner's Finnish"
My tax form has tables, numbers and boxes with small font. Totally fitting into the form stereotype. Stop conforming to the norm you form!
Recycling: Going for a bike ride, and then doing it again.
Sandwiches sounds like sand witches which sounds scary!
Stereotypes are a type of stereo where the beats are fresh and the rhymes are scary, yo!
King of many....Duke of Few!
I think I'm going to go nap for a handful of jiffies.
Damnit Jim! Theres a time for breakdancing and theres a time for taxes!
Tear down this wall of hate. And rebuild it with bricks of hope and equality. In the middle we will build a gate of friendship!
Chemistry rappers: MC Delta T Intro P and Killa Jewels.
I hooked up with a Milk Crate at the box social but cardboard was there and it was aWkward.
I anticipainted my garage.
Zig Zag Zug...Zig Zag in 3 dimensions.
Carpet world is hiring: Mandatory rug test
Something is afoot... My Jar is ajar, and a part of it has fallen apart. I'm amazed: it's inside of a maze! My foot is something. 
Supposedly, some bros and me received an email from a female.
Hey Lenny, Denny, It's Lime Time. Quickle! Tickel my Dickel! Nenny, Pickel the Poonie!
The only useful function for nipples on a man is to rub them so why do people stare at me when I do so on the bus.
2.99 for 3 condoms... Thats a buck a fuck!
Boner pill commercials always use the phrase achieve and erection, like it is something to be really proud of. I guess it is.
Show me some initiative baby. Yah, now show me that can do attitude. You know how I like it. That's hot. You know I like it when you achieve
I bought a pillowcase because my pillow got cold.
If I ever come upon a shipwreck my first instinct would be to separate the flotsam from the jetsam.
I want to see an elephant with elephantiasis. It would be so fucking big! Look at that foot! It's the size of an elephant!
A crematorium sounds like an ice cream shop but I don't think I would eat anything i found there.
I saw a sign at a bus stop that said "Buses shut motors off". Try telling the driver. They are more easily persuaded through rhetoric.
I saw a Walk-In clinic. I think a better idea is a Drive-Thru clinic. Pap smears through the window.
When blind people buy their food from vending machines, they cross their fingers for good luck.
When the public masturbating ninja struck, nobody saw him coming.
Bonerfest 2009! The mightiest of the meats collide this Saturday at the Thunderdome! It's going to be a mess!
It's come to my attention that if I was a rabbit and I found a $100 bill, I would probably just eat it. Man, what a wasteful person I am.
Mariuanna, on trial: Exhibit A, your honor: It's totally cool. Exhibit B: Everyone is doing it.
Comedy is all about good delivery. If I tell a joke too late, you get a free pizza.
Here's a cool work incentive for sweatshops: The first hoodie you make you get to keep!
Theres something funny about the term sexual favours that I just can't put my finger on.
I wonder if back in the day, people used shortcuts and slang.  “Mayday mayday we r goin down pls snd hlp lol!” - Darin
I'm not afraid of change but I'm not particularly comfortable with change purses.
My internet was going slow so I lowered the modem.  Now it doesn't have to flow upstream.