Mexi-fries are tater tots. Hate to break it to you.  You're not fooling anyone Taco Bell.

I'm anti-crack, but pro freebasing. When i want delicious mashed potatoes, I just smash a light bulb and throw em on the stove! I think i actually can freebase my fundip!

I love food. You can cook food a lot of ways. Fry, broil, grill, steam, microwave, bake. But of all the foods that I love, I have to say popcorn is the  my favourite because it is not cooked conventionally, it is cooked by explosion. Imagine that!  That is deadly. Anything that is exploded in order to make it edible deserves to be a delicacy.  I tried to emulate this this method of cooking with foods I do not overly enjoy to make them as good as popcorn...it did not work.  I never really liked carrots but they don't taste better when there embedded into a brick wall.  I want to explode my fun dip.

I want to become a successful McDonald's restaurant chain owner. I'll own one big restaurant and four or five mall sized McDonald's. Then I'll steal all the signs and spell "Mmmmm" on my wall.

I'm sick of nickels. I'm going to start using Fuzzy Peaches as currency... It's the same value. "Whats that you don't accept fuzzy peaches as payment? Fine... Sour Cherry Blasters it is."

Sometimes how you eat is more important than what you eat. If you eat a burrito the way you eat corn you will have a messy burrito.

A diet coke weighs the same as a regular coke, so maybe it's not working.

Malteser's sounds like ballteasers.

King's deserve 4 Reese cups! Peasants deserve merely 3!

I'm so strong I can crush a Skittle using only my teeth.

Why do people bother saying something contains all natural ingredients. Everything is natural. If it occurs in nature it's natural. Boner Pills occur in nature. We're nature. The only unnatural ingredient I can think of is Unicorn meat.

Fun Dip is just powdered juice mix on the end of a spitty piece of chalk.

Milk crates second purpose is straining really thick ass noodles.

Once you reach a certain level of fatness eating anywhere but a buffet seems foolish.

McDonald's needs private feeding rooms where people can anonymously order food. McDonald's is losing a lot of money because of shame.

Lay's secret to making delicious chips is to take something that would taste horrible on a chip. But then powderize it and do it anyway.

My friend wanted me to get him a Red Bull.  I was frustrated but the can said serve chilled so I had to cool myself off.

The hardest 3D puzzle ever is reassembling a potato from a bag of potato chips.