Guys pee standing up all the time. When women do it, it's always a special occasion: Like camping without pants on.

Every door is an emergency door if its an emergency.

The fire alarm said, "pull in case of fire".   So I pulled it. You know. Just in case. Shit, who knows there might be a fire later. Better to just be safe.

The store sold pens that they encouraged you to try out. That's bullshit. It's not like they sell you chips that people have reached in and ate half of them before their sold.

Loitering is the only crime you can commit not doing anything. I think loitering was a crime when someone misspelled littering so they brainstormed other shit that was pissing them off.  “Shit. The sign is spelled wrong! We gotta think of something else we don't like. Hey Tony. Quit standing around and not doing anything and think of what loitering means...Wait!”

If you decree something instead of just saying it, people are more likely to believe you.

A journal is where you tell yourself things you already know so you'll remember to be mad at people after you stop being mad at them.

Ever have one of those days where you wake up and the child proof lid on your vitamins beats you. You always know that day is going to suck.

Keeping it real is what separates us from the animals. Animals always hide the true shit.

Why do people say I'm afraid when what they really mean is unfortunately.  "I only have $20 I'm afraid.” Really? Are you really afraid? Well I'm not a grief counselor. $20 will be fine. Take a penny. “I don't need the change.”  Oh you don't need it? You smug fucking bastard.

When my phone's volume is off it doesn't say "Silent", it says "Silence All". What kind of Orwellian totalitarian phone do I have? Ordering me around instead of telling me a little about himself politely. Pushy ass phone.

Sometimes I stay up late to yawn. If you try and yawn when your not tired it just aint the same.

If your a child and you want to know who is the leader and who is the follower of your friends. Just play some video games. Play Batman and Robin. If you play as Robin, your a beta. True Equals play Double Dragon.

Someone out there is the nicest person on Earth, but he/she is to modest to know it.

If I give you a compliment, don't take it as an insult. Because If I hand you a knife and you take it as a spoon you're going to get cut.

Next time your bored just start drawing pictures of guns. Come on. It's what you did when you were a kid. You'll still fucking love it. Just do it. You'll thank yourself when you draw a gattling gun that shoots other guns out of it.

Terrorist sounds like a Title.  Get your online degree in terror and become a terrorist in 3 months. Specialize in evil!   I'm the head VP of Terror and Creative Thinking. When you do what you love you never work a day in your life and I love hating Americans!