Something that most people are unaware of is the fact that some people are much better at clapping than others.  Some folks are terrible at clapping, missing the other hand, all quiet.  I seen a guy who clapped louder and more symmetrically aligned than anyone.  Unfortunately his talent only lead him to a life of drug abuse and risqué hand behavior.  Such a waste.  Thousands would have payed to see him live on stage, listen silently. Not a single clap between them.

When I get old, I'm going to buy a small lot of land.  I'm going to take my lot and put up a few slides, a monkey bar set, a sandbox, and a swing set... And whenever I see a kid playing on my swing set, I'm gonna call the fucking police. Get off my private property you little shit! You goddamn little bastard! I'm going to sue you for trespassing. Didn't you see the sign behind the bush?  Put the little delinquent in jail. I'm not too young to be bitter.

“At least it can't get any worse” says the main character.  It instantly rains.  Godzilla exits the subway station and sodomizes the main character's wife.  Godzilla open's his mouth and on his tounge is the main character's boss.  The main character is fired.  The main character stubs his toe.  He shoots himself.

I bought a pillowcase because my pillow got cold.

If I ever come upon a shipwreck my first instinct would be to separate the flotsam from the jetsam.

I want to see an elephant with elephantiasis. It would be so fucking big! Look at that foot! It's the size of an elephant!

I don't feel good rating World Trade Center videos on Youtube. I mean is it really "Awesome"? But I feel like I'm disrespectful if I say it's "Nothing Special".

A crematorium sounds like an ice cream shop but I don't think I would eat anything i found there.

I saw a sign at a bus stop that said "Buses shut motors off". Try telling the driver. They are more easily persuaded through rhetoric than the average bus.

I saw a Walk-In clinic. I think a better idea is a Drive-Thru clinic. Pap smears through the window.

When blind people buy their food from vending machines, they cross their fingers for good luck.

When the public masturbating ninja struck, nobody saw him coming.

I saw a man on the bus with a leather bound book. I asked him, “hey what's with the book?”.  He said, “It's a book of black magic. I'm well versed in the art of necromancy.” To which I replied “Yah, I don't think you can be skilled at having sex with dead folk.”

Bonerfest 2009! The mightiest of the meats collide this Saturday at the Thunderdome! It's going to be a mess!

It's come to my attention that if I was a rabbit and I found a $100 bill, I would probably just eat it. Man what a wasteful person I am...

People born without arms look like they are growing tiny wings.

Mariuanna, on trial:
Exhibit A, your honor: It's totally cool. Exhibit B: Everyone is doing it.

Comedy is all about good delivery. If I tell a joke too late, you get a free pizza.

I want to get a barcode tattoo on my arm so that when you scan it's the same barcode thats on the back of a coke bottle. I don't know why I just think it would be worth it just to trip people out and save me a few seconds.

Here's a cool work incentive for sweatshops: The first hoodie you make you get to keep!

Theres something funny about the term sexual favours that I just can't put my finger on.

Charles Bronson Basketball →  3 pointers shooting from the hip everytime.

The punishment for loitering should be forced to do something of  at least mild importance with at least some haste involved.

A deaf mute and a paralyzed blind person have no real chance of becoming friends.

Frogs are just trying to get rabbits attention.

A gift card thats redeemable at a gift card cart and only for buying other gift cards. A double gift card. You get to buy from any store you want. It finally becomes exactly like cash. Except more annoying.

I made a cult so I could put good leadership skills on my resume. My references will die for my job security.