

	My internet was going slow so I lowered the modem, you know, I figured it would go faster cause it wouldn't have
	to flow upstream.



	I recently had a Laparoscopic Appendectomy, my appendix removed.  It took about a hour but it was really quite odd
	when I woke up, for I discovered that somehow in my absence of conciousness, my pubic hair was shaved...by a 45 
	year old man, so he could properly stick his... devices...inside me.  Right before they put me out one of the doctors
	tells me that " while you are under Robin one of the nurses will administer a soposotory to you "...now is that really
	neccissary, im sure they have reason for the soposotory but do they gotta tell me that right before I go under,
	im already nervous as hell, and now the last thing I will be thinking of before I go under is being flipped over
	and a pill of unknown size, which my imagination will surely overexagerate, being...inserted...into...my...rectum.
	And they have to be all sneaky about it too " ONE of the nurses, im not telling which one..." its like I cant know
	which one violated me, and this makes me think, well...Why cant I know?  what else are they doing up there?  Putting
	...up there? Or possibly removing, is it so I dont know which one to blame, when I take a watery shit and all the 
	dried up clumps of grapes are missing?  The surgery in all was not that bad to recover from, and one benifit of it
	was all the morphin they had me on for the next 24 hours man, was it intense.  I didnt know the hospitols let 
	patients ride Harley Davidsons from the operating room to the room they would be staying it.

	Stand back I know Jew Jitsue, MONEY NINJA STAR.  But wait it would have to be a money boomerang, because no
	jew would willingly throw away money, haha alriigh.  It would return swiftly and with 5.3% interest.

	

	Man I love food, you can cook food alot of ways, fry, broil, grill, steam, microwave, bake.  And of all the food's I
	love I have to say popcorn is the best because it is not cooked conventionally, it is cooked by explosion.  Thats
	deadly, anything that is exploded in order to make it edible deserves to be a dellicasey.  I tried to emulate this
	this method with food I do not overly enjoy...it did not work.  I never really liked carrots so I decided to explode 
	one and try it out, the remains were disgusting and not very filling, but it looked hella cool.
	
	I wonder if I can get my fun dip exploded.

     Man i seen this commercial for antidepressants where one of the side effects was gambling and unusual sexual arrousal.  What the fuck man?  So you get super horny and lose all your money at blackjack so you cant
    afford to pay for the hooker your horny pilled up ass so desperately craves?  Arent the effects worse than the depresssion.  Besides those side effects are so random it makes no sense.  Its like if you took some halls
    and the side effects were that you had an unusual craving to beat someone to death with a cueballl in a sock.
	
     I used to know a guy who was so hard up for cigarettes he would let people kick him in the testicles for cigarettes at noon. i was talking to him and he told me "man if i had a dime for everytime i got
     kicked in the nuts"....What? What would you have? like 60 cents? if i was gonna be kicked in the balls every day i would demand i higher denomination of money than a fucking dime.
	
        You know when you buy like a big bottle of booze they give you that little fuckin bottle of like shmirnoff or bayleys
        thats attached to the neck? who the fuck is that for? my cat? seriously i mean if its like a sample,  cmon im buying a 60 of 
        whiskey for myself on a wednesday night... i think i know what vodka tastes like

        we live in a democratic society man but sometimes i wonder. how can the first season of married with children cost the same as the 
	godfather trilogy.  who the fuck let that happen?  seriously if that shit happened 200 years ago wed be marching in the streets and
 	slaying all of our politicians

	You know the hole on an acoustic guitar? its called a sound hole. seriously if you look that shit up in a dictionary youll find sound hole.
	  how stupid is that shit. what kind of genius came up with that?  i mean yah its what it does but think about this,  the common 
	house cat is known as a Felis silvestris catus, and an instrument thats been crafted and perfected for centuries has a sound hole. 
	thats it. from now on im calling it a "a partial lack in the area of an object for amplification of auditory signals"

	in tonnes of movies i;ve seen something always goes bad and the main character is down and one of his friends says " hey man it could be worse"
	 and than it starts raining, now raining happens pretty commonly so i dont really count it as makin a situation worse, if i was to direct a movie 
	and that scene happened i would make it rain and than godzilla come out of the subway with the characters girl
	on his arm breathing fire and squashing mother fuckers,than he opens his mouth and the characters boss is on his tounge and he sticks it out and the character gets fired

	i like watching anime, but one of my friends said, hay man you should read manga, which is japanese comics basicly, he sayd theyre much better.
	  so i started reading one of his and he said "no dood you gotta read it from the back to front thats how its made."  so i said FUUUUUUCK you.  
	god damnit im not gonna learn to read backwards. you know how much that would fuck me up in real life?  besides i already know how it ended anyway

	when i was younger i used to give my grandma christmas ornaments for christmas... but now that i think of it i prolly should have gave her that
	 earlier. i mean how much enjoyment can she really get out of it... its already fucking christmas, its not like shes gonna keep that shit up there afterwards
	
	comics usually ask the crowd hey whats happening, by round of applause who here owns a blender. you know something innocent like that.  you 
	cant get too serious when it comes to round of apploause i mean what if i came out here and started yelling "hey whatsup folks by a round of applause who 
	here was molested as a child!!! alright!! yah good crowd


             are you better when your high? or are you just better when im high?

    
  	I wonder if up in heaven they throw parties and jesus shows up like a capitain of the football team at highschool parties and is all like "ya i died for all humans on earths sins, shit yah, wanna see my squats?"
              If i was there i would be like, Jesus that was like 2000 years ago man what have you done recently man, when i was living you didnt even help me out win a 2 dollar scratch ticket that i just had to buy
              cause the medication i was on at the time? Seriously, buddah is out there everyday pullin shit man what do you do?

	

	I love movies , and i especially love zombie movies, but i really hate it in some of them where theyre getting theyre ass kicked for awhile and then they discover they have to shoot them zombies in the head.
              like, i dunno, if something was coming at me that wanted to eat my brains i would most certainly shoot them in the head ASAP, i mean for pretty much every living thing in the world shooting them in the
              head will kill them fuckin dead and pretty fast.


	im anti crack but pro frebasing. wen i want mash potatoes i just smash a light bulb
	and throw em on the stove! i think i actually can freebase my fundip!

	i think lighters are potentiallly engineered to get hot and burn your fucking hands
	the companies who made aloe vera made em lik e that

	Im not very good at this i havent really done it a whole lot so i brought a list with me to keep track of my jokes.  * open list * bread, apples, 4 litres of milk.  oh what the fuck, wrong list.

	steps me and laine take to not look high but are actually really fukin high lawl

	whenever i make some good money and am older im going to buy myself some property.   and im going to take said property and turn it into the most epic and wonderous playground in all the lands
               , it will be like michael jacksons neverland ranch except not for the purpose of molesting minrons. Thanput a nice private property sign on it. and whenever some snot faced little adventurer comes im
               gonna call the police on them. and sit back and watch little layerties squerm.  Spoiling my neverland. Little bastard.

               "    a girl once said to me --- im glad i havent had sex with my bf yet. hes so nice he doesnt even hint 
                at doing it either ---- so i asked the girl --- what do you mean he doesnt hint at it? like he doesnt give 
                you word searches where the secret message left behind is "sit on my dick" ???    "

            
	most people dont know this but some people are better at clappng than others, I'm serious , some of you are fuckin shitty at it, missing the other hand or being all quiet.  I seen this one guy who clapped
              louder than everyone else and every single clap was perfectly aligned. Unfourtunatly his talent only lead him into a life of drug abuse and risque behavior. Such i waste i would pay to go see him clap
              live on stage. Thousands would go and listen silently, not a single clap between them.

              have you ever been walking with a friend somewhere and you a see a ugly fucker unable to risist you nudge your friend so he can see the ugly fucker too? isnt that fun? what about when the guy notices
              and you have to pretend your looking at something behind the ugly fucker..... you guys are laughing but some of you are that ugly fucker! and maybe you dont even know it.
              
              why do all those strip joints say " hot live nude girls!" as if there is any question on the dancers living condition. " excuse me sir but are your girls live?"
              " No. but they are still VERY fresh"
              
              i was on this street one day and i saw a street sign that astounded me. It said " deaf child at play" where would you even buy a sign like that? I guess its good you know safety and such, but you know whats 
              safer than a sign? ... Not letting your deaf child play on the street.

              Ever since that horse joined the town council i cant get any bills passed1 ( horses say neigh )

              this one time i was eating at humptys and a kid and his father are eating at the table across. the father asks " how are your pancakes son?" and the kid replies "they taste good"
              to which the father firmly corrects " no son they taste serendipitous" holey fuck! what kind of father is this guy, serendipitous, the kids like fuckin seven, cut him some slack for fuck sakes.

              wouldnt it be neat if for thirty seconds every year murder was totally legal? rape too. murder and mass rape for thirty seconds and then after nobody goes to jail. i think it would make the following news day
              more interesting, and i bet the day before everyone would be really nice to eachother so as to not get one someones bad side.

	I once saw a commercial for a hotel that said "Come in and experience our legendary quality service".  I'm not saying the service is bad but to say it's
	legendary is probably a little overboard. I mean was the complimentary breakfast passed down through the kings and queens for generations saught after 
	by all those who seen it and chosen to be eaten by only the chosen one with the mark of a god? No. So maybe the service is just "pretty good".



